I know the video is called how to speak
English fast but do you really need to
speak English fast let me tell you
something sometimes we think that native
speakers speak fast and this is why they
sound so natural in reality they don't
speak fast they just connect all the
words together and instead of splitting
them up which sounds a little kind of
slower they just put them all together
as if one sentence is one big word they
omit some syllables they add some new
sounds and this is why they sound the
way they sound and sometimes it's hard
for us to understand them just because
they don't split up words and we think
that they're just speaking too fast in
reality they're not today I'm gonna
teach you this technique I'm gonna teach
you how native speakers do it so you can
do it to sound more native and so that
you understand the mechanics behind kind
of faster speaking so you can understand
native speakers
for example you see a phrase what do you
for example in a sentence what do you do
but Americans would never say like this
what do you do that's it what do you do
what do you do what do you do so the
speed the pace is kind of the same it's
just connecting everything what do you
do and if you don't know the way they do
it you're like what was that another
phrase I am going to do some shopping
what Americans would say they would say
I'm gonna do some shopping again not I'm
going to I'm gonna do again they've
connected something they actually very
phrase is the little get some water do
you want something and some Americans
would even say I'm a just shopping this
is like the very very contracted version
of it so what Americans do they take
those smaller words and they pronounce
them in a way that is easier for them in
daily speech for example article that is
pronounced like tha what's the weather
today so they don't say what's the
weather today they say what's what they
say what's the weather today so it's not
because it's easier Oh what about the
weather report you sometimes sounds like
yeah do you want to go for a walk again
do you want to go for a walk sounds as
if you just started learning English do
you want to go for walk sounds closer to
being a native speaker and another thing
that you might have noticed when we say
what do so we have T at the end of the
word what and we have D at the beginning
of the word do we kind of invent a new
sound here instead of saying what do you
do we say what you do so there is a
sound chip which appears in the middle
again this is a way to make your speech
smoother and this is what all native
speakers do for example what you do for
a living
what you do for a living
to make this even clearer for you I'm
gonna read a sentence out loud the first
time I read it I'm gonna read it as a
student the second time I read it I
would try to read it as a native speaker
let's do it I am going to go out to
Walmart do you need anything I'm gonna
go out of Walmart do you need anything
again I replaced I'm going to with I'm
gonna go to Walmart and I've connected
Walmart with do we have a word that ends
with T and we have a word with that
begins with T so I'm gonna go to Walmart
do you need anything and there's this
chick that appeared in the middle the
next word
a little confusing I know especially
when you hear this first in a native
speaker speech something they say
something I don't know why this appears
it's just the way the language evolves
when people speak it but can you give me
something this is sometimes when native
speakers say which is correct don't be
confused it's just the same as something
Oh
the next phrase let me give you
something the Americans would say let me
give you something so they just omit the
letter T and you get let me let me get
you something let me give you something
in American English if you have a letter
T in the middle of a word sometimes you
pronounce it as d Mallette sir letter
letter because it's faster to get a
smoother safety you don't say it city
city city
it's like DNR City bitte and it sounds a
little British so in Great Britain they
would say sell pizza in American English
there's a bitter bitter let me give you
some more examples bottle bottle butter
butter
computer computer I can't even say it
with with the T computer computer
computer daughter daughter 80 80 40 40
little little
to settle 30 30 you see this tea
converts D all the time as you notice
it's even unnatural for me to say little
30 just because I'm so used to you know
in certain D instead of tea this would
come automatically automatically not
automatically automatically to you guys
when you practice this is first the way
to speak faster second this is the way
to speak more naturally and third this
is an easier way to understand native
speakers because you now know how the
mechanics work let me know if this was
useful for you guys the homework for you
the task is write down in comments below
what other words have T in the middle
and you pronounce them with a D just
what I told you 30 30 little little that
kind of stuff you can google that but
make sure you write something in
comments so that you can practice thank
you so much watching this video don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
very soon